Converting Aspect to JSON-LD (#651)
eclipse-esmf/esmf-sdk: documentation/developer-guide/modules/tooling-guide/pages/samm-cli.adoc

.3+| [[aspect-to-json]] aspect <model> to json | Generate example JSON payload data for an Aspect Model                      | `samm aspect AspectModel.ttl to json`
                                   | _--output, -o_ : output file path (default: stdout)                                     |
                                   | _--custom-resolver_ : use an external resolver for the resolution of the model elements |

> .3+| [[aspect-to-jsonld]] aspect <model> to jsonld | Generate example JSON-LD data for an Aspect Model                      | `samm aspect AspectModel.ttl to jsonld`
>                                    | _--output, -o_ : output file path (default: stdout)                                     |
>                                    | _--custom-resolver_ : use an external resolver for the resolution of the model elements |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.3+| [[aspect-to-jsonld]] aspect <model> to jsonld | Generate JSON-LD representation of an Aspect Model                      | `samm aspect AspectModel.ttl to jsonld`
                                   | _--output, -o_ : output file path (default: stdout)                                     |
                                   | _--custom-resolver_ : use an external resolver for the resolution of the model elements |
```
